COUCHBASE INC. ENTERPRISE LICENSE AGREEMENT - FREE EDITION

IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: BY CLICKING THE "I ACCEPT" BOX OR INSTALLING,
DOWNLOADING OR OTHERWISE USING THIS SOFTWARE AND ANY ASSOCIATED
DOCUMENTATION, YOU, ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR AS AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY ("LICENSEE") AGREE TO ALL THE
TERMS OF THIS ENTERPRISE LICENSE AGREEMENT - FREE EDITION (THE
"AGREEMENT") REGARDING YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE.  YOU REPRESENT AND
WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE FULL LEGAL AUTHORITY TO BIND THE LICENSEE TO THIS
AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT SELECT
THE "I ACCEPT" BOX AND DO NOT INSTALL, DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE USE THE
SOFTWARE. THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT IS THE DATE ON WHICH YOU
CLICK "I ACCEPT" OR OTHERWISE INSTALL, DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

1. License Grant. Subject to Licensee's compliance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, Couchbase Inc. hereby grants to Licensee a
perpetual, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable,
royalty-free, limited license to install and use the Software only for
Licensee's own internal production use on up to two (2) Licensed Servers
or for Licensee's own internal non-production use for the purpose of
evaluation and/or development on an unlimited number of Licensed
Servers.

2. Restrictions. Licensee will not: (a) copy or use the Software in any
manner except as expressly permitted in this Agreement; (b) use or
deploy the Software on any server in excess of the Licensed Servers for
which Licensee has paid the applicable Subscription Fee unless it is
covered by a valid license; (c) transfer, sell, rent, lease, lend,
distribute, or sublicense the Software to any third party; (d) use the
Software for providing time-sharing services, service bureau services or
as part of an application services provider or as a service offering
primarily designed to offer the functionality of the Software; (e)
reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile the Software (except to the
extent such restrictions are prohibited by law); (f) alter, modify,
enhance or prepare any derivative work from or of the Software; (g)
alter or remove any proprietary notices in the Software; (h) make
available to any third party the functionality of the Software or any
license keys used in connection with the Software; (i) publically
display or communicate the results of internal performance testing or
other benchmarking or performance evaluation of the Software; or (j)
export the Software in violation of U.S. Department of Commerce export
administration rules or any other export laws or regulations.

3. Proprietary Rights. The Software, and any modifications or
derivatives thereto, is and shall remain the sole property of Couchbase
Inc. and its licensors, and, except for the license rights granted
herein, Couchbase Inc. and its licensors retain all right, title and
interest in and to the Software, including all intellectual property
rights therein and thereto. The Software may include third party open
source software components. If Licensee is the United States Government
or any contractor thereof, all licenses granted hereunder are subject to
the following: (a) for acquisition by or on behalf of civil agencies, as
necessary to obtain protection as "commercial computer software" and
related documentation in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and
as specified in Subpart 12.1212 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation
(FAR), 48 C.F.R.12.1212, and its successors; and (b) for acquisition by
or on behalf of the Department of Defense (DOD) and any agencies or
units thereof, as necessary to obtain protection as "commercial computer
software" and related documentation in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement and as specified in Subparts 227.7202-1 and 227.7202-3 of the
DOD FAR Supplement, 48 C.F.R.227.7202-1 and 227.7202-3, and its
successors. Manufacturer is Couchbase, Inc.

4. Support.  Couchbase Inc. will provide Licensee with: (a) periodic
Software updates to correct known bugs and errors to the extent
Couchbase Inc. incorporates such corrections into the free edition
version of the Software; and (b) access to, and use of, the Couchbase
Inc. support forum available at the following URL:
http://www.couchbase.org/forums/.  Licensee must have Licensed Servers
at the same level of Support Services for all instances in a production
deployment running the Software.  Licensee must also have Licensed
Servers at the same level of Support Services for all instances in a
development and test environment running the Software, although these
Support Services may be at a different level than the production
Licensed Servers.  Couchbase Inc. may, at its discretion, modify,
suspend or terminate support at any time upon notice to Licensee.

5. Records Retention and Audit. Licensee shall maintain complete and
accurate records to permit Couchbase Inc. to verify the number of
Licensed Servers used by Licensee hereunder. Upon Couchbase Inc.'s
written request, Licensee shall: (a) provide Couchbase Inc. with such
records within ten (10) days; and (b) will furnish Couchbase Inc. with a
certification signed by an officer of Licensee verifying that the
Software is being used pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Upon at
least thirty (30) days prior written notice, Couchbase Inc. may audit
Licensee's use of the Software to ensure that Licensee is in compliance
with the terms of this Agreement. Any such audit will be conducted
during regular business hours at Licensee's facilities and will not
unreasonably interfere with Licensee's business activities. Licensee
will provide Couchbase Inc. with access to the relevant Licensee records
and facilities. If an audit reveals that Licensee has used the Software
in excess of the authorized Licensed Servers, then (i) Couchbase Inc.
will invoice Licensee, and Licensee will promptly pay Couchbase Inc.,
the applicable licensing fees for such excessive use of the Software,
which fees will be based on Couchbase Inc.'s price list in effect at the
time the audit is completed; and (ii) Licensee will pay Couchbase Inc.'s
reasonable costs of conducting the audit.

6. Confidentiality.  Licensee and Couchbase Inc. will maintain the
confidentiality of Confidential Information. The receiving party of any
Confidential Information of the other party agrees not to use such
Confidential Information for any purpose except as necessary to fulfill
its obligations and exercise its rights under this Agreement. The
receiving party shall protect the secrecy of and prevent disclosure and
unauthorized use of the disclosing party's Confidential Information
using the same degree of care that it takes to protect its own
confidential information and in no event shall use less than reasonable
care. The terms of this Confidentiality section shall survive
termination of this Agreement. Upon termination or expiration of this
Agreement, the receiving party will, at the disclosing party's option,
promptly return or destroy (and provide written certification of such
destruction) the disclosing party's Confidential Information.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty. THE SOFTWARE AND ANY SERVICES PROVIDED
HEREUNDER ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. COUCHBASE
INC. DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE OR THE SERVICES PROVIDED
HEREUNDER WILL MEET LICENSEE'S REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL
OPERATE IN THE COMBINATIONS LICENSEE MAY SELECT FOR USE, THAT THE
OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT
ALL SOFTWARE ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED. COUCHBASE INC. HEREBY DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF
COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE.

8. Agreement Term and Termination. The term of this Agreement shall
begin on the Effective Date and will continue until terminated by the
parties. Licensee may terminate this Agreement for any reason, or for no
reason, by providing at least ten (10) days prior written notice to
Couchbase Inc. Couchbase Inc. may terminate this Agreement if Licensee
materially breaches its obligations hereunder and, where such breach is
curable, such breach remains uncured for ten (10) days following written
notice of the breach. Licensee acknowledges that the Software may
contain a license key with a time-out mechanism that will suspend and/or
terminate Licensee's use of the Software upon termination of this
Agreement.  Upon termination of this Agreement, Licensee will, at
Couchbase Inc.'s option, promptly return or destroy (and provide written
certification of such destruction) the applicable Software and all
copies and portions thereof, in all forms and types of media. The
following sections will survive termination or expiration of this
Agreement: Sections 2, 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11.

9. Limitation of Liability. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL COUCHBASE INC. OR ITS LICENSORS BE
LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR FOR THE COST OF
PROCURING SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY
RELATING TO OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF OR
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION OR THE SERVICES PROVIDED
BY COUCHBASE INC. HEREUNDER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LOSSES FOR LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK
STOPPAGE, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, COMPUTER FAILURE OR ANY AND ALL
OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
THEREOF AND REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT
OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED. IN NO EVENT WILL COUCHBASE
INC.'S OR ITS LICENSORS' AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO LICENSEE, FROM ALL
CAUSES OF ACTION AND UNDER ALL THEORIES OF LIABILITY, EXCEED ONE
THOUSAND DOLLARS (US $1,000). The parties expressly acknowledge and
agree that Couchbase Inc. has set its prices and entered into this
Agreement in reliance upon the limitations of liability specified
herein, which allocate the risk between Couchbase Inc. and Licensee and
form a basis of the bargain between the parties.

10. General. Couchbase Inc. shall not be liable for any delay or failure
in performance due to causes beyond its reasonable control. Neither
party will, without the other party's prior written consent, make any
news release, public announcement, denial or confirmation of this
Agreement, its value, or its terms and conditions, or in any manner
advertise or publish the fact of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the
above, Couchbase Inc. may use Licensee's name and logo, consistent with
Licensee's trademark policies, on customer lists so long as such use in
no way promotes either endorsement or approval of Couchbase Inc. or any
Couchbase Inc. products or services. Licensee may not assign this
Agreement, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise,
without Couchbase Inc.'s prior written consent. Any attempt to assign
this Agreement, without such consent, will be null and of no effect.
Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will bind and inure to the
benefit of each party's successors and permitted assigns. If for any
reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this
Agreement invalid or unenforceable, that provision of the Agreement will
be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions
of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. The failure by
either party to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not
constitute a waiver of future enforcement of that or any other
provision. All waivers must be in writing and signed by both parties.
All notices permitted or required under this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be delivered in person, by confirmed facsimile,
overnight courier service or mailed by first class, registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid, to the address of the party specified
above or such other address as either party may specify in writing. Such
notice shall be deemed to have been given upon receipt. This Agreement
shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A.,
excluding its conflicts of law rules. The parties expressly agree that
the UN Convention for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) will not
apply. Any legal action or proceeding arising under this Agreement will
be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in the
Northern District of California and the parties hereby irrevocably
consent to the personal jurisdiction and venue therein. Any amendment or
modification to the Agreement must be in writing signed by both parties.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior
or contemporaneous oral or written agreements regarding the subject
matter hereof. To the extent there is a conflict between this Agreement
and the terms of any "shrinkwrap" or "clickwrap" license included in any
package, media, or electronic version of Couchbase Inc.-furnished
software, the terms and conditions of this Agreement will control. Each
of the parties has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly
authorized representatives as of the Effective Date. Except as expressly
set forth in this Agreement, the exercise by either party of any of its
remedies under this Agreement will be without prejudice to its other
remedies under this Agreement or otherwise. The parties to this
Agreement are independent contractors and this Agreement will not
establish any relationship of partnership, joint venture, employment,
franchise, or agency between the parties. Neither party will have the
power to bind the other or incur obligations on the other's behalf
without the other's prior written consent.

11. Definitions.  Capitalized terms used herein shall have the following
definitions: "Confidential Information" means any proprietary
information received by the other party during, or prior to entering
into, this Agreement that a party should know is confidential or
proprietary based on the circumstances surrounding the disclosure
including, without limitation, the Software and any non-public technical
and business information. Confidential Information does not include
information that (a) is or becomes generally known to the public through
no fault of or breach of this Agreement by the receiving party; (b) is
rightfully known by the receiving party at the time of disclosure
without an obligation of confidentiality; (c) is independently developed
by the receiving party without use of the disclosing party's
Confidential Information; or (d) the receiving party rightfully obtains
from a third party without restriction on use or disclosure.
"Documentation" means any technical user guides or manuals provided by
Couchbase Inc. related to the Software. "Licensed Server" means an
instance of the Software running on one (1) operating system.  Each
operating system instance may be running directly on physical hardware,
in a virtual machine, or on a cloud server. "Couchbase Website" means
www.couchbase.com."Software" means the object code version of the
applicable elastic data management server software provided by Couchbase
Inc. and ordered by Licensee during the ordering process on the
Couchbase Website.  If you have any questions regarding this Agreement,
please contact us at 650-417-7500.
