ej-technologies-EULA
http://www.ej-technologies.com/buy/jprofiler/jprofiler_license.html

IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal
agreement between you (either an individual or a single legal entity) and
ej-technologies GmbH (ej-technologies), which covers your use of JProfiler and
related software components ("Software Product" or JProfiler).

A software license and a license key or serial number ("Software Product
License"), issued only by ej-technologies or its authorized agents to a
designated user may be required according to the following agreement.

If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, then do not download, install
or use the Software Product or the Software Product License. By explicitly
accepting this EULA you are acknowledging and agreeing to be bound by the
following terms:

1. GRANT OF LICENSE

The Software Product is owned by ej-technologies. It is licensed, not sold.
The Software Product is protected by copyright laws and international
copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties.
ej-technologies reserves all intellectual property rights, including
copyrights and trademark rights.

According to your order, ej-technologies grants you a non-exclusive,
non-transferable license to use the Software Product under certain obligations
and limited rights as set forth in this agreement:


- SINGLE-USER LICENSE: ej-technologies grants the non-exclusive,
  non-transferable right for a single user to use this Software Product. Each
  additional user of the Software Product requires an additional Software
  Product License. You may use each Software Product License on more than one
  computer system, as long as it is always used by the same user. You may
  transfer the Software Product License to a different user only if you remove
  all previous installations completely.

- SINGLE-MACHINE LICENSE: ej-technologies grants the non-exclusive,
  non-transferable right to install this Software Product on a single computer
  system. Each additional installation of the Software Product requires an
  additional Software Product License. You may transfer the Software Product
  License to a different computer system only if you remove the previous
  installation completely.

- FLOATING LICENSE: ej-technologies grants the non-exclusive, non-transferable
  right to install this Software Product on multiple computer systems. An
  arbitrary number of users may install the Software Product, but the maximum
  number of concurrently running instances is limited according to your order.
  Each additional concurrent user of the Software Product requires an
  additional Software Product License. ej-technologies provides you with a
  License Server that manages the use of floating licenses. You agree to be
  bound by the separate license agreement of the license server.

- SITE LICENSE: ej-technologies grants the non-exclusive, non-transferable
  right to install and use this Software Product on an arbitrary number of
  computer systems on one site.


ej-technologies issues a Software Product License that allows you to use the
Software Product accordingly. You may not disclose the Software Product
License in any way.

Backup Copy: You may make copies of the Software Product and the Software
Product License as reasonably necessary for the use authorized above,
including as needed for backup and/or archival purposes. No other copies may
be made. Each copy must reproduce all copyright and other proprietary rights
notices on or in the Software Product.

2. LICENSE TO DISTRIBUTE REDISTRIBUTABLE FILES

ej-technologies grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license
to distribute all parts of JProfiler that are required for running the
profiling agent provided that:

- You remove your license key from the redistributed configuration file
  ("config.xml")

- You do not remove or alter any proprietary legends or notices contained in
  or on the redistributables

- You only distribute the redistributables with a license agreement that
  protects ej-technologies' interests consistently with the terms contained in
  this agreement

- You agree to defend and indemnify ej-technologies from and against any
  damages, costs, liabilities, settlement amounts and/or expenses (including
  attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with any claim, lawsuit or action by
  any third party that arises or results from the use or distribution of any
  redistributable files.

3. RESTRICTED USE FOR EVALUATION

This Software Product can be used in conjunction with a free evaluation
Software Product License. If you are using such an evaluation Software Product
License, you may use the Software Product only to evaluate its suitability for
purchase. Evaluation Software has been limited in some way either through
timeouts, restricted use or evaluation warnings. ej-technologies bears no
liability for any damages resulting from use (or attempted use after
expiration) of the software product, and has no duty to provide any support
before or after the expiration date of an evaluation license.

4. SUPPORT SERVICES

ej-technologies may provide you with support services related to the Software
Product according to your order. Use of any such support services is governed
by policies described on ej-technologies' web site
(http://www.ej-technologies.com).

Any supplemental software code or related materials that ej-technologies
provides to you as part of the support services, in periodic updates to the
Software Product or otherwise, is to be considered part of the Software
Product and is subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA.

With respect to any technical information you provide to ej-technologies as
part of the support services, ej-technologies may use such information for its
business purposes without restriction, including for product support and
development. ej-technologies will not use such technical information in a form
that personally identifies you without first obtaining your permission.

5. RESTRICTIONS

You may not use, copy, or distribute the Software Product, except as granted
by this EULA, without written authorization from ej-technologies.

You may not tamper with, alter, or use the Software Product in a way that
disables, circumvents, or otherwise defeats its built-in licensing
verification and enforcement capabilities.

You may not remove or alter any trademark, logo, copyright or other
proprietary notice, legend, symbol or label in the Software Product. You may
not modify or create derivative copies of the Software Product License.

You may not reverse engineer, decompile, defeat license encryption mechanisms,
or disassemble the Software Product or Software Product License except and
only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law
notwithstanding this limitation. You may not rent, lease, lend, or in any way
distribute or transfer any rights in this EULA or the Software Product to
third parties without ej-technologies' written approval, and subject to
written agreement by the recipient of the terms of this EULA.

The Software Product is not fault-tolerant and is not designed, manufactured
or intended for use or resale as on-line control equipment in hazardous
environments requiring fail-safe performance, in which the failure of the
Software Product, or any software, tool, process, or service that was
developed using the Software Product, could lead directly to death, personal
injury, or severe physical or environmental damage ("High Risk Activities").
Accordingly, ej-technologies and its suppliers and licensors specifically
disclaim any express or implied warranty of fitness for High Risk Activities.
You agree that ej-technologies and its suppliers and licensors will not be
liable for any claims or damages arising from the use of the Software Product,
or any software, tool, process, or service that was developed using the
Software Product, in such applications.

6. THIRD PARTY RIGHTS

Any software provided along with the Software Product that is associated with
a separate license agreement is licensed to you under the terms of that
license agreement. This license does not apply to those portions of the
Software Product. Copies of these third party licenses are included in all
copies of the Software Product.

7. LIMITED WARRANTY

You have ensured with the above mentioned evaluation version that the Software
Product works according to your requirements and the advertised features.
ej-technologies disclaims all warranties for deficiencies that are reasonably
discoverable with the evaluation version of the Software Product. You
acknowledge that software cannot be completely error-free. ej-technologies
disclaims all warranties regarding non-severe deviations of the advertised
features of the Software Product.

The limitation period is one year, if not otherwise regulated by law, and
starts with the service provision.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, ej-technologies and its
third party suppliers and licensors disclaim all other representations,
warranties, and conditions, expressed, implied, statutory, or otherwise,
including, but not limited to, implied warranties or conditions of
merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose,
title, and non-infringement. The entire risk arising out of use or performance
of the software product remains with you.

8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

This limitation of liability is to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law. ej-technologies is liable to indemnity only according to the following
terms:

ej-technologies is fully liable in case of intention, gross negligence, loss
from physical injury, severe organizational failure or in case of an
acceptance of guarantee.

Liability for slight negligence is limited to material breach of contractual
obligations and in that case to the typically predictable loss. Any further
liability is excluded. Contributory negligence of the licensee and other
parties will be taken into account. Any liability under the terms of product
liability laws remains unaffected.

You agree to ensure that a data backup is performed on all computers that the
Software Product or redistributable parts of it are used on. In case of loss
of data, liability is limited to the cost that would arise in the case where a
proper backup has been performed.

The limitation period is one year, if not otherwise regulated by law, and
starts with the service provision.

Any limitation of ej-technologies' liability also applies to your staff,
agents and associated companies.

9. GENERAL

ej-technologies may terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with any term or
condition of this EULA. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the
Software Product and Software Product Licenses.

This EULA is governed by the laws of Germany. Exclusive jurisdiction and place
of performance is Muenchen, Germany, as long as permitted by applicable law.
The United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods shall not
apply.

This EULA is the entire agreement between ej-technologies and you, and
supersedes any other communications or advertising with respect to the
Software Product; this EULA may be modified only by written agreement signed
by authorized representatives of you and ej-technologies.

If any provision of this EULA is held invalid, the remainder of this EULA
shall continue in full force and effect.

All rights not expressly granted in this agreement are retained by
ej-technologies.

10. CONTACT INFORMATION

If you have any questions about this EULA, or if you want to contact
ej-technologies for any reason, please direct correspondence to
ej-technologies GmbH, Claude-Lorrain-Str. 7, D-81543 Muenchen, Germany, or
send email to info@ej-technologies.com.
