Synopsys HS OTG Linux Software Driver and documentation (hereinafter,
"Software") is an Unsupported proprietary work of Synopsys, Inc. unless
otherwise expressly agreed to in writing between Synopsys and you.

The Software IS NOT an item of Licensed Software or Licensed Product under
any End User Software License Agreement or Agreement for Licensed Product
with Synopsys or any supplement thereto. You are permitted to use and
redistribute this Software in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, provided that redistributions of source code must retain this
notice. You may not view, use, disclose, copy or distribute this file or
any information contained herein except pursuant to this license grant from
Synopsys. If you do not agree with this notice, including the disclaimer
below, then you are not authorized to use the Software.

THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING DISTRIBUTED BY SYNOPSYS SOLELY ON AN "AS IS" BASIS
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL SYNOPSYS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.
