http://g.oswego.edu/dl/classes/EDU/oswego/cs/dl/util/concurrent/intro.html

All classes are released to the public domain and may be used for any purpose
whatsoever without permission or acknowledgment. Portions of the CopyOnWriteArrayList
and ConcurrentReaderHashMap classes are adapted from Sun JDK source code. These are
copyright of Sun Microsystems, Inc, and are used with their kind permission, as
described in this license.

http://gee.cs.oswego.edu/dl/classes/EDU/oswego/cs/dl/util/sun-u.c.license.pdf

TECHNOLOGY LICENSE FROM SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. TO DOUG LEA

Whereas Doug Lea desires to utlized certain Java Software technologies in the
util.concurrent technology; and Whereas Sun Microsystems, Inc. ("Sun") desires that
Doug Lea utilize certain Java Software technologies in the util.concurrent
technology; Therefore the parties agree as follows, effective May 31, 2002:

"Java Software technologies" means classes/java/util/ArrayList.java, and
classes/java/util/HashMap.java.

The Java Software technologies are Copyright (c) 1994-2000 Sun Microsystems, Inc. All
rights reserved.

Sun hereby grants Doug Lea a non-exclusive, worldwide, non- transferrable license to
use, reproduce, create derivate works of, and distribute the Java Software and
derivative works thereof in source and binary forms as part of a larger work, and to
sublicense the right to use, reproduce and distribute the Java Software and Doug
Lea's derivative works as the part of larger works through multiple tiers of
sublicensees provided that the following conditions are met:

-Neither the name of or trademarks of Sun may be used to endorse or promote products
including or derived from the Java Software technology without specific prior written
permission; and

-Redistributions of source or binary code must contain the above copyright notice,
this notice and and the following disclaimers:

This software is provided "AS IS," without a warranty of any kind. ALL EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE HEREBY
EXCLUDED. SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. AND ITS LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DAMAGES SUFFERED BY LICENSEE AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THE
SOFTWARE OR ITS DERIVATIVES. IN NO EVENT WILL SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. OR ITS LICENSORS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE, PROFIT OR DATA, OR FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THE
THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USESOFTWARE, EVEN IF
SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

You acknowledge that Software is not designed,licensed or intended for use in the
design, construction, operation or maintenance of any nuclear facility.

signed [Doug Lea] dated
