SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, ACCESS, COPY, OR USE ANY PORTION OF THE SOFTWARE
UNTIL YOU HAVE READ AND ACCEPTED THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. BY
INSTALLING, COPYING, ACCESSING, OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO BE LEGALLY
BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. If You do not agree to be
bound by, or the entity for whose benefit You act has not authorized You to
accept, these terms and conditions, do not install, access, copy, or use the
Software and destroy all copies of the Software in Your possession.

This SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is entered into between
Intel Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Intel") and You. "You" refers to
you or your employer or other entity for whose benefit you act, as applicable.
If you are agreeing to the terms and conditions of this Agreement on behalf of
a company or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the
legal authority to bind that legal entity to the Agreement, in which case,
"You" or "Your" shall be in reference to such entity. Intel and You are
referred to herein individually as a "Party" or, together, as the "Parties".
The Parties, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this
Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which they acknowledge, and intending to be legally bound, agree
as follows:

1. PURPOSE. You seek to obtain, and Intel desires to provide You, under the
terms of this Agreement, Software solely for Your efforts to develop and
distribute products integrating Intel hardware and Intel software. "Software"
refers to certain software or other collateral, including, but not limited to,
related components, operating system, application program interfaces, device
drivers, associated media, printed or electronic documentation and any updates,
upgrades or releases thereto associated with Intel product(s), software or
service(s). "Intel-based product" refers to a device that includes,
incorporates, or implements Intel product(s), software or service(s).

2. LIMITED LICENSE. Conditioned on Your compliance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, Intel grants to You a limited, nonexclusive,
nontransferable, revocable, worldwide, fully paid-up license during the term of
this Agreement, without the right to sublicense, under Intel's copyrights
(subject to any third party licensing requirements), to (i) reproduce the
Software only for Your own internal evaluation, testing, validation, and
development of Intel-based products and any associated maintenance thereof;
(ii) reproduce, display, and publicly perform an object code representation of
the Software, only when integrated with and executed by an Intel-based product,
subject to any third party licensing requirements; and (iii) distribute an
object code representation of the Software, provided by Intel, through multiple
levels of distribution, solely as embedded in or for execution on an
Intel-based product and subject to these license terms, and if to an end user,
pursuant to a license agreement with terms and conditions at least as
restrictive as those contained in the Intel End User Software License Agreement
in Appendix A hereto.

If You are not the final manufacturer or vendor of an Intel-based product
incorporating or designed to incorporate the Software, You may transfer a copy
of the Software to Your Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), Original Device
Manufacturer (ODM), distributors, or system integration partners ("Your
Partner") for use in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, provided Your Partner agrees to be fully bound by the terms hereof
and provided that You will remain fully liable to Intel for the actions and
inactions of Your Partner(s).

3. LICENSE RESTRICTIONS. All right, title and interest in and to the Software
and associated documentation are and will remain the exclusive property of
Intel and its licensors or suppliers. Unless expressly permitted under the
Agreement, You will not, and will not allow any third party to (i) use, copy,
distribute, sell or offer to sell the Software or associated documentation;
(ii) modify, adapt, enhance, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, change
or create derivative works from the Software except and only to the extent as
specifically required by mandatory applicable laws or any applicable third
party license terms accompanying the Software; (iii) use or make the Software
available for the use or benefit of third parties; or (iv) use the Software on
Your products other than those that include the Intel hardware product(s),
platform(s), or software identified in the Software; or (v) publish or provide
any Software benchmark or comparison test results. You acknowledge that an
essential basis of the bargain in this Agreement is that Intel grants You no
licenses or other rights including, but not limited to, patent, copyright,
trade secret, trademark, trade name, service mark or other intellectual
property licenses or rights with respect to the Software and associated
documentation, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, except for the licenses
expressly granted above. You acknowledge there are significant uses of the
Software in its original, unmodified and uncombined form. You may not remove
any copyright notices from the Software.

4. LICENSE TO FEEDBACK. This Agreement does not obligate You to provide Intel
with materials, information, comments, suggestions, or other communication
regarding the features, functions, performance or use of the Software
("Feedback"). If any portion of the Software is provided or otherwise made
available by Intel in source code form, to the extent You provide Intel with
Feedback in a tangible form, You grant to Intel and its affiliates a
non-exclusive, perpetual, sublicenseable, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free,
fully paid-up and transferable license, to and under all of Your intellectual
property rights, whether perfected or not, to publicly perform, publicly
display, reproduce, use, make, have made, sell, offer for sale, distribute,
import, create derivative works of and otherwise exploit any comments,
suggestions, descriptions, ideas, Your Derivatives or other feedback regarding
the Software provided by You or on Your behalf.

5. OPEN SOURCE STATEMENT. The Software may include Open Source Software (OSS)
licensed pursuant to OSS license agreement(s) identified in the OSS comments in
the applicable source code file(s) or file header(s) provided with or otherwise
associated with the Software. Neither You nor any OEM, ODM, customer, or
distributor may subject any proprietary portion of the Software to any OSS
license obligations including, without limitation, combining or distributing
the Software with OSS in a manner that subjects Intel, the Software or any
portion thereof to any OSS license obligation. Nothing in this Agreement limits
any rights under, or grants rights that supersede, the terms of any applicable
OSS license.

6. THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE. Certain third party software provided with or within
the Software may only be used (a) upon securing a license directly from the
owner of the software or (b) in combination with hardware components purchased
from such third party and (c) subject to further license limitations by the
software owner. A listing of any such third party limitations is in one or more
text files accompanying the Software. You acknowledge Intel is not providing
You with a license to such third party software and further that it is Your
responsibility to obtain appropriate licenses from such third parties directly.

7. CONFIDENTIALITY. The terms and conditions of this Agreement, exchanged
confidential information, as well as the Software are subject to the terms and
conditions of the Non-Disclosure Agreement(s) or Intel Pre-Release Loan
Agreement(s) (referred to herein collectively or individually as "NDA") entered
into by and in force between Intel and You, and in any case no less
confidentiality protection than You apply to Your information of similar
sensitivity. If You would like to have a contractor perform work on Your behalf
that requires any access to or use of Software, You must obtain a written
confidentiality agreement from the contractor which contains terms and
conditions with respect to access to or use of Software no less restrictive
than those set forth in this Agreement, excluding any distribution rights and
use for any other purpose, and You will remain fully liable to Intel for the
actions and inactions of those contractors. You may not use Intel's name in any
publications, advertisements, or other announcements without Intel's prior
written consent.

8. NO OBLIGATION; NO AGENCY. Intel may make changes to the Software, or items
referenced therein, at any time without notice. Intel is not obligated to
support, update, provide training for, or develop any further version of the
Software or to grant any license thereto. No agency, franchise, partnership,
joint-venture, or employee-employer relationship is intended or created by this
Agreement.

9. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Intel
does not warrant or assume responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of
any information, text, graphics, links or other items within the Software.

10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL INTEL OR ITS AFFILIATES,
LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS (INCLUDING THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS,
EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOST DATA) ARISING OUT OF
OR IN RELATION TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF INTEL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY
IN PART NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE SOFTWARE LICENSED HEREUNDER IS NOT DESIGNED OR
INTENDED FOR USE IN ANY MEDICAL, LIFE SAVING OR LIFE SUSTAINING SYSTEMS,
TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS, NUCLEAR SYSTEMS, OR FOR ANY OTHER MISSION CRITICAL
APPLICATION IN WHICH THE FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE COULD LEAD TO PERSONAL INJURY
OR DEATH. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO
JURISDICTION. THE LIMITED REMEDIES, WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND LIMITED LIABILITY
ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN INTEL AND YOU. YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE INTEL WOULD BE UNABLE TO PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE WITHOUT SUCH
LIMITATIONS. YOU WILL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD INTEL AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS
AND SUPPLIERS (INCLUDING THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND
AGENTS) HARMLESS AGAINST ALL CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, LOSSES, COSTS, DAMAGES, AND
EXPENSES (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEY FEES), ARISING OUT OF, DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY, THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE SOFTWARE AND ANY CLAIM OF PRODUCT
LIABILITY, PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH ASSOCIATED WITH ANY UNINTENDED USE, EVEN IF
SUCH CLAIM ALLEGES THAT INTEL OR AN INTEL AFFILIATE, LICENSORS OR SUPPLIER WAS
NEGLIGENT REGARDING THE DESIGN OR MANUFACTURE OF THE SOFTWARE.

11. TERMINATION AND SURVIVAL. Intel may terminate this Agreement for any reason
with thirty (30) days' notice and immediately if You or someone acting on Your
behalf or at Your behest violates any of its terms or conditions. Upon
termination, You will immediately destroy and ensure the destruction of the
Software or return all copies of the Software to Intel (including providing
certification of such destruction or return back to Intel). Upon termination of
this Agreement, all licenses granted to You hereunder terminate immediately.
All Sections of this Agreement, except Section 2, will survive termination.

12. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION. This Agreement and any dispute arising out
of or relating to it will be governed by the laws of the U.S.A. and Delaware,
without regard to conflict of laws principles. The Parties exclude the
application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International
Sale of Goods (1980). The state and federal courts sitting in Delaware, U.S.A.
will have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of or relating to
this Agreement. The Parties consent to personal jurisdiction and venue in those
courts. A Party that obtains a judgment against the other Party in the courts
identified in this section may enforce that judgment in any court that has
jurisdiction over the Parties.

13. EXPORT REGULATIONS/EXPORT CONTROL. You agree that neither You nor Your
subsidiaries will export/re-export the Software, directly or indirectly, to any
country for which the U.S. Department of Commerce or any other agency or
department of the U.S. Government or the foreign government from where it is
shipping requires an export license, or other governmental approval, without
first obtaining any such required license or approval. In the event the
Software is exported from the U.S.A. or re-exported from a foreign destination
by You or Your subsidiary, You will ensure that the distribution and
export/re-export or import of the Software complies with all laws, regulations,
orders, or other restrictions of the U.S. Export Administration Regulations and
the appropriate foreign government.

14. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS. The Software is a commercial item (as defined
in 48 C.F.R. 2.101) consisting of commercial computer software and commercial
computer software documentation (as those terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212).
Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4,
You will not provide the Software to the U.S. Government. Contractor or
Manufacturer is Intel Corporation, 2200 Mission College Blvd., Santa Clara, CA
95054.

15. ASSIGNMENT. You may not delegate, assign or transfer this Agreement, the
license(s) granted or any of Your rights or duties hereunder, expressly, by
implication, by operation of law, or otherwise and any attempt to do so,
without Intel's express prior written consent, will be null and void. Intel may
assign, delegate and transfer this Agreement, and its rights and obligations
hereunder, in its sole discretion.

16. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; SEVERABILITY. The terms and conditions of this Agreement
and any NDA with Intel constitute the entire agreement between the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof, and merge and supersede all prior or
contemporaneous agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions.
Neither Party will be bound by any terms, conditions, definitions, warranties,
understandings, or representations with respect to the subject matter hereof
other than as expressly provided herein. In the event any provision of this
Agreement is unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law or applicable
court decision, such unenforceability or invalidity will not render this
Agreement unenforceable or invalid as a whole, instead such provision will be
changed and interpreted so as to best accomplish the objectives of such
provision within legal limits.

17. WAIVER. The failure of a Party to require performance by the other Party of
any provision hereof will not affect the full right to require such performance
at any time thereafter; nor will waiver by a Party of a breach of any provision
hereof constitute a waiver of the provision itself.

18. PRIVACY. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS ARE SET FORTH IN INTEL'S PRIVACY NOTICE, WHICH
FORMS A PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. PLEASE REVIEW THE PRIVACY NOTICE AT
HTTP://WWW.INTEL.COM/PRIVACY TO LEARN HOW INTEL COLLECTS, USES AND SHARES
INFORMATION ABOUT YOU.

APPENDIX A
INTEL END USER SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

IMPORTANT - READ BEFORE COPYING, INSTALLING OR USING.
THE FOLLOWING NOTICE, OR TERMS AND CONDITIONS SUBSTANTIALLY IDENTICAL IN NATURE
AND EFFECT, MUST APPEAR IN THE DOCUMENTATION ASSOCIATED WITH THE INTEL-BASED
PRODUCT INTO WHICH THE SOFTWARE IS INSTALLED. MINIMALLY, SUCH NOTICE MUST
APPEAR IN THE USER GUIDE FOR THE PRODUCT. THE TERM "LICENSEE" IN THIS TEXT
REFERS TO THE END USER OF THE PRODUCT.

LICENSE. Licensee has a license under Intel's copyrights to reproduce Intel's
Software only in its unmodified and binary form, (with the accompanying
documentation, the "Software") for Licensee's personal use only, and not
commercial use, in connection with Intel-based products for which the Software
has been provided, subject to the following conditions:
(a)	Licensee may not disclose, distribute or transfer any part of the
Software, and You agree to prevent unauthorized copying of the Software.
(b)	Licensee may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the
Software.
(c)	Licensee may not sublicense the Software.
(d)	The Software may contain the software and other intellectual property
of third party suppliers, some of which may be identified in, and licensed in
accordance with, an enclosed license.txt file or other text or file.
(e)	Intel has no obligation to provide any support, technical assistance or
updates for the Software.

OWNERSHIP OF SOFTWARE AND COPYRIGHTS. Title to all copies of the Software
remains with Intel or its licensors or suppliers. The Software is copyrighted
and protected by the laws of the United States and other countries, and
international treaty provisions. Licensee may not remove any copyright notices
from the Software. Except as otherwise expressly provided above, Intel grants
no express or implied right under Intel patents, copyrights, trademarks, or
other intellectual property rights. Transfer of the license terminates
Licensee's right to use the Software.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. The Software is provided "AS IS" without warranty of
any kind, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. NEITHER INTEL NOR ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS WILL BE
LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHETHER
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF INTEL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

LICENSE TO USE COMMENTS AND SUGGESTIONS. This Agreement does NOT obligate
Licensee to provide Intel with comments or suggestions regarding the Software.
However, if Licensee provides Intel with comments or suggestions for the
modification, correction, improvement or enhancement of (a) the Software or (b)
Intel products or processes that work with the Software, Licensee grants to
Intel a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable,
royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, under Licensee's
intellectual property rights, to incorporate or otherwise utilize those
comments and suggestions.

TERMINATION OF THIS LICENSE. Intel or the sublicensor may terminate this
license at any time if Licensee is in breach of any of its terms or conditions.
Upon termination, Licensee will immediately destroy or return to Intel all
copies of the Software.
THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY. Intel is an intended beneficiary of the End User
License Agreement and has the right to enforce all of its terms.

U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS. The Software is a commercial item (as
defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101) consisting of commercial computer software and
commercial computer software documentation (as those terms are used in 48
C.F.R. 12.212), consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R 227.7202-1
through 227.7202-4. You will not provide the Software to the U.S. Government.
Contractor or Manufacturer is Intel Corporation, 2200 Mission College Blvd.,
Santa Clara, CA 95054.

EXPORT LAWS. Licensee agrees that neither Licensee nor Licensee's subsidiaries
will export/re-export the Software, directly or indirectly, to any country for
which the U.S. Department of Commerce or any other agency or department of the
U.S. Government or the foreign government from where it is shipping requires an
export license, or other governmental approval, without first obtaining any
such required license or approval. In the event the Software is exported from
the U.S.A. or re-exported from a foreign destination by Licensee, Licensee will
ensure that the distribution and export/re-export or import of the Software
complies with all laws, regulations, orders, or other restrictions of the U.S.
Export Administration Regulations and the appropriate foreign government.

APPLICABLE LAWS. This Agreement and any dispute arising out of or relating to
it will be governed by the laws of the U.S.A. and Delaware, without regard to
conflict of laws principles. The Parties to this Agreement exclude the
application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International
Sale of Goods (1980). The state and federal courts sitting in Delaware, U.S.A.
will have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of or relating to
this Agreement. The Parties consent to personal jurisdiction and venue in those
courts. A Party that obtains a judgment against the other Party in the courts
identified in this section may enforce that judgment in any court that has
jurisdiction over the Parties.

Licensee's specific rights may vary from country to country.
