HP-UX Runtime Environment, for the Java(tm) 2 Platform

ATTENTION:  USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO THE HP SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS
AND SUPPLEMENTAL RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH BELOW, THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE LICENSE
TERMS FOUND IN THE THIRDPARTYLICENSEREADME.TXT FILE AND THE WARRANTY
DISCLAIMER ATTACHED.  IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS FULLY, YOU MAY NOT
INSTALL OR OTHERWISE USE THE SOFTWARE.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE
CONTRARY IN THIS NOTICE, INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE INDICATES
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE LICENSE TERMS.

HP SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS

The following terms govern your use of the Software unless you have a separate
written agreement with HP.  HP has the right to change these terms and
conditions at any time, with or without notice.


License Grant

HP grants you a license to Use one copy of the Software.  "Use" means storing,
loading, installing, executing or displaying the Software.  You may not modify
the Software or disable any licensing or control features of the Software.  If
the Software is licensed for "concurrent use", you may not allow more than the
maximum number of authorized users to Use the Software concurrently.

Ownership

The Software is owned and copyrighted by HP or its third party suppliers.
Your license confers no title or ownership in the Software and is not a sale
of any rights in the Software.  HPs third party suppliers may protect their
rights in the event of any violation of these License Terms.

Third Party Code

Some third-party code embedded or bundled with the Software is licensed to you
under different terms and conditions as set forth in the
THIRDPARTYLICENSEREADME.txt file.  In addition to any terms and conditions of
any third party license identified in the THIRDPARTYLICENSEREADME.txt file,
the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provisions in this
license shall apply to all code distributed as part of or bundled with the
Software.

Source Code

Software may contain source code that, unless expressly licensed for other
purposes, is provided solely for reference purposes pursuant to the terms of
this license.  Source code may not be redistributed unless expressly provided
for in these License Terms.

Copies and Adaptations

You may only make copies or adaptations of the Software for archival purposes
or when copying or adaptation is an essential step in the authorized Use of
the Software.  You must reproduce all copyright notices in the original
Software on all copies or adaptations.  You may not copy the Software onto any
bulletin board or similar system.

No Disassembly or Decryption

You may not disassemble or decompile the Software unless HPs prior written
consent is obtained.  In some jurisdictions, HPs consent may not be required
for disassembly or decompilation.  Upon request, you will provide HP with
reasonably detailed information regarding any disassembly or decompilation.
You may not decrypt the Software unless decryption is a necessary part of the
operation of the Software.

Transfer

Your license will automatically terminate upon any transfer of the Software.
Upon transfer, you must deliver the Software, including any copies and related
documentation, to the transferee.  The transferee must accept these License
Terms as a condition to the transfer.

Termination

HP may terminate your license upon notice for failure to comply with any of
these License Terms.  Upon termination, you must immediately destroy the
Software, together with all copies, adaptations and merged portions in any
form.

Export Requirements

You may not export or re-export the Software or any copy or adaptation in
violation of any applicable laws or regulations.

This software or any copy or adaptation may not be exported, reexported or
transferred to or within countries under U.S.  economic embargo including the
following countries:  Afghanistan (Taliban-controlled areas), Cuba, Iran,
Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Serbia, Sudan and Syria.  This list is subject to
change.

This software or any copy or adaptation may not be exported, reexported or
transferred to persons or entities listed on the U.S.  Department of Commerce
Denied Parties List or on any U.S.  Treasury Department Designated Nationals
exclusion list, or to any party directly or indirectly involved in the
development or production of nuclear, chemical, biological weapons or related
missile technology programs as specified in the U.S.  Export Administration
Regulations (15 CFR 730).

U.S. Government Contracts

If the Software is licensed for use in the performance of a U.S. government
prime contract or subcontract, you agree that, consistent with FAR 12.211 and
12.212, commercial computer Software, computer Software documentation and
technical data for commercial items are licensed under HPs standard
commercial license.

SUPPLEMENTAL RESTRICTIONS

You acknowledge the Software is not designed or intended for use in on-line
control of aircraft, air traffic, aircraft navigation, or aircraft
communications; or in the design, construction, operation or maintenance of
any nuclear facility.  HP disclaims any express or implied warranty of fitness
for such uses.

ADDITIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL RESTRICTIONS FOR HP-UX RUNTIME ENVIRONMENT,
FOR THE JAVA(TM) 2 PLATFORM

* License to Distribute HP-UX Runtime Environment, for the Java(tm) 2
  Platform.  You are granted a royalty-free right to reproduce and distribute
  the HP-UX Runtime Environment, for Java provided that you distribute the
  HP-UX Runtime Environment, for the Java 2 Platform complete and unmodified,
  only as a part of, and for the sole purpose of running your Java compatible
  applet or application ("Program") into which the HP-UX Runtime Environment,
  for the Java 2 Platform is incorporated.

* Java Platform Interface.  Licensee may not modify the Java Platform
  Interface ("JPI", identified as classes contained within the "java" package
  or any subpackages of the "java" package), by creating additional classes
  within the JPI or otherwise causing the addition to or modification of the
  classes in the JPI.  In the event that Licensee creates any Java-related API
  and distributes such API to others for applet or application development,
  Licensee must promptly publish broadly, an accurate specification for such
  API for free use by all developers of Java-based software.

* You may make the HP-UX Runtime Environment, for the Java 2 Platform
  accessible to application programs developed by you provided that the
  programs allow such access only through the Invocation Interface specified
  and provided that you shall not expose or document other interfaces that
  permit access to such HP-UX Runtime Environment, for the Java 2 Platform.
  You shall not be restricted hereunder from exposing or documenting
  interfaces to software components that use or access the HP-UX Runtime
  Environment, for the Java 2 Platform.


HP WARRANTY STATEMENT

DURATION OF LIMITED WARRANTY: 90 DAYS

HP warrants to you, the end customer, that HP hardware, accessories, and
supplies will be free from defects in materials and workmanship after the date
of purchase for the period specified above.  If HP receives notice of such
defects during the warranty period, HP will, at its option, either repair or
replace products which prove to be defective.  Replacement products may be
either new or equivalent in performance to new.

HP warrants to you that HP Software will not fail to execute its programming
instructions after the date of purchase, for the period specified above, due
to defects in materials and workmanship when properly installed and used.  If
HP receives notice of such defects during the warranty period, HP will replace
Software which does not execute its programming instructions due to such
defects.

HP does not warrant that the operation of HP products will be uninterrupted or
error free.  If HP is unable, within a reasonable time, to repair or replace
any product to a condition warranted, you will be entitled to a refund of the
purchase price upon prompt return of the product.  Alternatively, in the case
of HP Software, you will be entitled to a refund of the purchase price upon
prompt delivery to HP of written notice from you confirming destruction of the
HP Software, together with all copies, adaptations, and merged portions in any
form.

HP products may contain remanufactured parts equivalent to new in performance
or may have been subject to incidental use.

Warranty does not apply to defects resulting from: (a) improper or inadequate
maintenance or calibration; (b) software, interfacing, parts or supplies not
supplied by HP, (c) unauthorized modification or misuse; (d) operation outside
of the published environmental specifications for the product, (e) improper
site preparation or maintenance, or (f) the presence of code from HP suppliers
embedded in or bundled with any HP product.

TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LOCAL LAW, THE ABOVE WARRANTIES ARE EXCLUSIVE AND NO
OTHER WARRANTY OR CONDITION, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, IS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
AND HP SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Some countries, states, or provinces do not allow limitations on the duration
of an implied warranty, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to
you.  This warranty gives you specific legal rights and you might also have
other rights that vary from country to country, state to state, or province to
province.

TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LOCAL LAW, THE REMEDIES IN THIS WARRANTY STATEMENT
ARE YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES.  EXCEPT AS INDICATED ABOVE, IN NO EVENT
WILL HP OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR LOSS OF DATA OR FOR DIRECT, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING LOST PROFIT OR DATA), OR OTHER DAMAGE,
WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE.  Some countries, states, or
provinces do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or
consequential damages, so the above limitation may not apply to you.
